as Natalie Diaz with Johanna versity I
am here at the time to play showcase
with the toy that you have to check out
meet shopkins now yes apparently I've
been living under a rock and I had no
idea what a shopkin was so today it's
always great to be at showcases like
this and introduce it into ways that you
didn't know about so maybe I'm not the
only one who doesn't know about this but
I think you should know about this
because I've already obsessed so meet my
new best friends shopkins
what shopkins are is every little girl
and boy loves to go grocery shopping
while I'm usually walking down the
aisles eating things off of the shelf my
kids are trying to mimic that playing
that at home truth my kids actually eat
food out of the containers when they're
playing grocery shopping in our house
but that's
so anyway when they are delaying now in
their house you can now play with little
shopkins instead of having to tear gal
the peas and carrots from your own
groceries now they have their own little
guys again I'm watching make them look
at my cutest little shopkins ever I have
a little hot dog here I have a little
container of milk and I have a little
grocery basket this is a price point
that everybody's going to go nuts over
starting from $4.99 to $20 you can have
an entire shopkins family all living
there's a few new things that are coming
out this season that you must see meet
their little small Mart the slow Lord is
going to come with a shopping cart a few
new foods and vegetables and other
little guys and it's going to give you
playtime for an hour
for more information you can go to shop
Gamescom for 20 verse be calm full
detail